Add miner stats page (#10)
filecoin-station/spark-dashboard: src/index.md

<div class="divider"></div>

<h4>Spark Miner RSR Table</h4>

> <body>The following table shows the Spark RSR values calculated in aggregate for each Filecoin Storage Provider over the past 30 days. Click on a miner_id to view data scoped to this storage provider.</body>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<body>The following table shows the Spark RSR values calculated in aggregate for each Filecoin Storage Provider over the past 30 days. Click on a miner id to view stats about this storage provider.</body>
```

(less technical)
